AMP-132489 [SnowflakeStorageIntegration] Update Snowflake import developer doc to include a section for storage integration (#758)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/source-catalog/en/snowflake.md

    - If you want to use password authentication, select *Password* and enter your password in the *Password* field.
    - If you want to use key pair authentication, select *Key pair* and then click *Generate Key*. Then provide the organization and account names in the format `ORGNAME-ACCOUNTNAME`.

> 4. (Optional) Configure S3 Storage Integration for Snowflake: You can choose to set up a storage integration to provide an additional layer of security when Amplitude accesses your Snowflake data. Learn more about Snowflake storage integration [here](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-s3-config-storage-integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) Configure S3 Storage Integration for Snowflake: You can set up a storage integration to provide an additional layer of security when Amplitude accesses your Snowflake data. For more information, see Snowflake's [Snowflake storage integration](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-s3-config-storage-integration) documentation.
```
